{
  "cleaned_text": "If you're unsure about the bucket style, snap a quick photo or describe the mount and I’ll tell you if it's a QA or pin-on type. [user] So I'm pretty sure it just got some, the bucket itself just has some quick release or it's the quick attach styles. [assistant] Yes—you absolutely can use the tractor to lift the bucket into the truck bed, set it down, and then detach it using the quick attach levers. That’s a smart solo-friendly move, and with the BX2380’s loader, you’ve got the precision to pull it off safely. Here’s How You Do It: 1. Prep Your Truck - Back your truck into position on level ground - Lower the tailgate - (Optional but helpful): Put wood blocks or rubber pads in the bed to protect it and stabilize the bucket 2. Lift the Bucket with the Tractor - Use the loader to raise the bucket level with the tailgate - Drive slowly forward to nest the bucket in the bed - Curl the bucket downward slightly to seat the edge firmly on the bed floor - Use fine loader adjustments to set it down gently 3. Set It Down and Detach - Once it’s resting fully in the bed: - Lower the loader arms slightly to relieve pressure - Flip the quick attach levers outward to release the bucket - Slowly back the tractor out 4. Secure It - Use ratchet straps, bungee cords, or wheel chocks to keep it from sliding or bouncing in transit - Put a towel or foam between the bucket and your rear window just in case it shifts forward Unloading Later - Do the same in reverse: - Use the tractor to line up with the bucket - Curl the QA plate down into position - Lock the levers - Lift it back off Safety Tips: - Don’t rush the alignment—go slow and watch your angles - If it’s your first time using the QA release, practice on the ground first so you get the feel for it - The BX2380 loader doesn’t have full skid-steer curl range, but it’s plenty for this job This is a totally solid way to save trailer weight and keep your tractor footprint tighter. You’re thinking like a guy who's been around equipment—efficient and solo-capable. [user] I've also got a mower deck, a mid-mount mower deck. It's not the drive-over, it's the regular one. It's the 54 inches, I think. How much does that weigh? [assistant] You’re talking about the RCK54-23BX or RCK54D-26BX mid-mount mower deck for the Kubota BX series, most likely the 54-inch model that’s not drive-over. Weight of the 54-inch Mid-Mount Mower Deck: - Approximate weight: 326 lbs (148 kg) This includes the deck shell, blades, wheels, and brackets, but not the front hanger hardware or lift arms. For Comparison: | Deck Size | Approx. Weight | |-----------|----------------| | 54-inch | ~326 lbs | | 60-inch | ~370–390 lbs | So your 54-inch deck is heavy but manageable, especially if you're sliding it into a truck bed or moving it with a dolly. Solo Handling Tips: - Lay it on a moving blanket or plywood to help slide it - Use PVC pipe as rollers if dragging it across grass or a trailer deck - If you have ramps or a low trailer, you can also pull it in using the tractor’s drawbar and a rope/winch [user] I think the full loadout is something like 25 to 2,700 pounds with those three things. Is that about right? [assistant] Yes, your estimate is right on the money. Let’s break it down based on what you’ve got: Kubota BX2380 Loadout Weight Estimate: | Component | Approx. Weight | |----------------