{
  "cleaned_text": "Platform by adding services like: - Jupyter Notebooks: For interactive training. - Kubernetes (using k3s or microk8s) for model orchestration and scaling. - MLflow or Kubeflow: For tracking model metrics and managing experiments. Here’s an example of adding Jupyter to your setup: services: jupyter: image: jupyter/scipy-notebook container_name: jupyter ports: - 8888:8888 volumes: - ./jupyter:/home/jovyan/work environment: JUPYTER_ENABLE_LAB: yes restart: unless-stopped You can further extend this by integrating Prometheus and Grafana for monitoring and metrics. Step 4: Security and Trust Features for AI Given that you’re working on a trusted AI platform, here are a few tools and strategies you might consider: - Explainability: - SHAP or LIME for local model interpretability. - AI Fairness 360 or IBM’s AIX 360 for fairness and bias detection. - Model Security: - Securing Docker Containers: Scan images for vulnerabilities (using tools like Trivy). - Model Monitoring: Use Prometheus to track model performance over time. - Data and Model Versioning: - DVC (Data Version Control): Version your datasets and models for reproducibility. - Git + DVC: For seamless tracking of data changes. You can also integrate GitOps tools like ArgoCD to ensure that your infrastructure follows best practices for security and governance. Step 5: Running and Testing the Platform on a Mac Since you’re working on a Mac, make sure Docker Desktop is properly installed and has sufficient resources allocated for running the platform (e.g., at least 4GB RAM and 2 CPUs). 1. Start the Services: Run the following command to start all services: docker-compose up -d 2. Access Artifactory: Open your browser and go to: http://localhost:8081 3. Access Jenkins: Open Jenkins at: http://localhost:8080 4. Access Jupyter (if added): Go to: http://localhost:8888 Step 6: Building and Extending Your Platform With Artifactory and other services running, you can continue to extend your MLOps platform by adding: - MLflow: For model lifecycle management. - Kubeflow or Kubernetes: For scaling training jobs. - Prometheus: For performance metrics. - GitOps tools like ArgoCD to automate infrastructure changes. - Security Tools: For securing your pipelines and ensuring trustworthiness in your AI models. Final Thoughts By building your own images and setting up services with Docker Compose, you now have a flexible and customizable AI MLOps platform. You can manage artifacts, automate deployments, train models, and integrate monitoring and security tools. The error message you're seeing (exit code: 8) typically indicates that the command failed during the apt-get update or wget step, which could happen for various reasons, such as network connectivity issues, incorrect URLs, or missing dependencies. Steps to Troubleshoot and Resolve 1. Check Network Connectivity Ensure that your Docker environment has internet access, as this error can occur if Docker cannot reach the external resources (e.g., repositories, Artifactory URL). Test Network Connection in a Container: docker run --rm alpine ping -c 4 google.com This command checks if Docker has outbound network access. If it fails, check your Docker networking setup. 2. Verify the URL for Artifactory It's possible that the URL for downloading Artifactory is incorrect or no longer available. You can manually check the URL in your browser: https://releases.jfrog.io/artifactory/artifactory/oss/jfrog-artifactory-oss-6.23.13-linux.tar.gz If the link works, the issue might be with the Docker build process. If it doesn't, the resource may have been moved or deprecated