{
  "cleaned_text": "Configuring your Netgear Nighthawk AC1900 as a wireless access point (AP) to connect wired devices at your lab bench is a practical solution. Here's a step-by-step guide to assist you: 1. Preparation: Reset the Router: If the router has previous configurations, perform a factory reset to start fresh. Press and hold the reset button for about 10 seconds until the power LED blinks. 2. Physical Connection: Connect to the Main Router: Use an Ethernet cable to connect one of the LAN ports (usually labeled 1–4) on your Nighthawk AC1900 to a LAN port on your existing router. Avoid using the WAN (Internet) port on the Nighthawk for this setup. 3. Access the Router’s Interface: Connect a Device: Using another Ethernet cable, connect your computer to one of the remaining LAN ports on the Nighthawk. Log In: Open a web browser and enter http://www.routerlogin.net or http://192.168.1.1 in the address bar. Log in with the default credentials (usually admin for the username and password for the password) unless you've changed them. 4. Configure Access Point Mode: Navigate to AP Mode Settings: Go to Advanced > Advanced Setup > Wireless AP. Enable AP Mode: Check the box for Enable AP Mode. IP Address Assignment: Select Get dynamically from existing router to allow your main router to assign an IP address to the Nighthawk. Alternatively, choose Enable fixed IP settings on this device to assign a static IP address within your main router's subnet. Ensure this IP doesn't conflict with other devices. Apply Settings: Click Apply to save changes. The router will reboot into AP mode. 5. Final Steps: Reconnect Devices: After the Nighthawk reboots, disconnect your computer from the Nighthawk. You can now connect your wired devices to the Nighthawk's LAN ports. Accessing the Nighthawk’s Interface in AP Mode: To access the Nighthawk's settings while in AP mode, you'll need to know its IP address assigned by the main router. Check your main router's connected devices list to find this IP. Common Issues and Solutions: Unable to Access the Nighthawk’s Interface in AP Mode: Ensure you're connected to the same network. Verify the Nighthawk's IP address from the main router's device list. IP Address Conflicts: Assign a static IP to the Nighthawk that's outside the main router's DHCP range but within the same subnet. Firmware Updates: Ensure the Nighthawk's firmware is up to date. You can check for updates in the router's web interface under Advanced > Administration > Firmware Update. For a visual guide, you might find this video tutorial helpful: [How to Install the AC1900 Nighthawk Access Point | NETGEAR](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OUJXt4l3Mlg) If issues persist, consider consulting the Netgear community forums, where users share experiences and solutions: ([community.netgear.com](https://community.netgear.com/t5/Nighthawk-Wi-Fi-5-AC-Routers/Problems-with-AP-mode/td-p/1603984)) By following these steps, your Nighthawk AC1900 should function effectively as an access point, providing wired connectivity at your lab bench. The mode you're referring to is Wireless Bridge Mode. In this mode, your Netgear Nighthawk AC1900 will connect to your main Wi-Fi router wirelessly and extend that connection to devices plugged into the LAN ports on the Nighthawk. Steps to Set Up Wireless Bridge Mode: 1. Log In to Your Nighthawk Router: Connect your computer to the Nighthawk router via Ethernet or Wi-Fi. Open a web browser and go to http://www.routerlogin.net or http://192.168.1.1