{
  "cleaned_text": "Ensure your Nighthawk firmware is up to date to avoid compatibility issues. To connect your Netgear Nighthawk AC1900 router wirelessly to your main Wi-Fi network and provide Ethernet connectivity for wired devices at your lab bench, configure it in Wireless Bridge Mode. This mode allows the Nighthawk to act as a client, connecting to your existing Wi-Fi network and extending that connection to its Ethernet ports. Steps to Configure Wireless Bridge Mode: 1. Access the Nighthawk Router Interface: Connect your computer to the Nighthawk router using an Ethernet cable. Open a web browser and enter `http://www.routerlogin.net` or `http://192.168.1.1`. Log in with your admin credentials. 2. Navigate to Wireless Bridge Settings: Go to Advanced > Advanced Setup > Wireless Bridge. 3. Enable Bridge Mode: Check the box for Enable Bridge Mode. 4. Configure Wireless Settings to Match Your Main Router: Click on Setup Bridge Mode Wireless Settings. Select the appropriate wireless band (2.4 GHz or 5 GHz) that matches your main router's network. Enter the SSID (network name) of your main Wi-Fi network. Choose the correct Security Option (e.g., WPA2-PSK) and enter the corresponding passphrase (Wi-Fi password). 5. Apply Settings: Click Apply to save the settings. The router will reboot and establish a wireless connection to your main router. 6. Connect Wired Devices: After the Nighthawk establishes a connection to your main Wi-Fi network, you can connect your wired devices to its Ethernet ports. Important Considerations: IP Address Management: In Bridge Mode, the Nighthawk router will obtain an IP address from your main router. To access the Nighthawk's settings in the future, you'll need to know this IP address, which can be found in your main router's connected devices list. Firmware Updates: Ensure that your Nighthawk router's firmware is up to date to avoid potential issues. You can check for updates in the router's web interface under Advanced > Administration > Firmware Update. Access Point Mode vs. Bridge Mode: Do not confuse Bridge Mode with Access Point Mode. In Access Point Mode, the Nighthawk connects to the main router via an Ethernet cable and extends the network wirelessly. In Bridge Mode, it connects wirelessly to the main router and provides network access through its Ethernet ports. For detailed instructions, refer to Netgear's official guide: [What is wireless bridge mode and how do I set it up on my NETGEAR router?](https://kb.netgear.com/24105/What-is-wireless-bridge-mode-and-how-do-I-set-it-up-on-my-NETGEAR-router) By following these steps, your Nighthawk AC1900 should function as a wireless bridge, allowing your wired devices at the lab bench to access your main network seamlessly. Now, to stream the video feed to other places, here are some general approaches you can take: 1. Using RTSP (Real-Time Streaming Protocol): Check if your camera supports RTSP. Many security cameras do, and this allows you to stream video to multiple devices or applications. Access the RTSP Stream: The RTSP URL is often something like `rtsp://<camera-ip>:<port>/<stream-name>`. Refer to your camera's documentation or app settings to find the correct RTSP URL. View the Stream on Other Devices: Use software like VLC Media Player on your computer or phone. Go to Media > Open Network Stream and enter the RTSP URL. For more advanced setups, consider using software like Blue Iris, Frigate, or even home automation platforms like Home Assistant. 2. Streaming to a Web Browser or Web Page: If you want to embed the stream on a web page, you can use a service like Wowza or set up a local web server to handle and