{
  "cleaned_text": "Based in Atlanta, Cox Automotive owns a suite of automotive-related brands, including Autotrader, Kelley Blue Book, and Manheim, providing services from vehicle auctions to valuation tools. Notable Tier 1 and Tier 2 Suppliers in Georgia: 1. YKK Corporation of America - Operating in Macon, Georgia, YKK supplies automotive components such as zippers and fasteners to various OEMs and Tier 1 suppliers. 2. SK Battery America - Commerce, GA - A significant player in the electric vehicle sector, SK Battery America operates a large-scale battery manufacturing facility in Commerce. 3. Kia Georgia Inc. - West Point, GA - Kia operates a major manufacturing plant in West Point, producing several models and contributing significantly to the state's automotive industry. 4. Toyo Tire North America Manufacturing - White, GA - Toyo Tire operates a manufacturing facility in White, producing tires for various vehicles. 5. Panasonic Automotive - Peachtree City, GA - Specializes in advanced infotainment systems, vehicle connectivity solutions, and energy management technologies for the automotive industry. 6. Sangsin Brake America - Duluth, GA - A leading global brake friction manufacturer, producing high-quality brake pads for the automotive industry. 7. Honda Lock of America - Bremen, GA - A tier-one automotive parts manufacturer focusing on advanced and valuable products for customers. Networking Opportunities: Engaging with these companies and suppliers can provide valuable networking opportunities. Consider attending industry events, joining local automotive associations, and participating in trade shows in the Atlanta area to connect with professionals and promote Elektrobit's expertise in automotive HMI and embedded systems. By immersing yourself in Atlanta's automotive ecosystem, you can effectively raise brand awareness for Elektrobit and establish meaningful industry connections. To identify companies in the Atlanta area that would benefit from Elektrobit's expertise in automotive software and embedded systems, particularly in areas like Human-Machine Interface (HMI) and Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS), consider the following organizations: 1. Panasonic Automotive Systems - Peachtree City, GA - Specializes in advanced infotainment systems, vehicle connectivity solutions, and energy management technologies for the automotive industry. Their focus on in-vehicle technologies aligns well with Elektrobit's offerings in HMI and embedded software solutions. 2. Cox Automotive - Atlanta, GA - Owns a suite of automotive-related brands, including Autotrader and Kelley Blue Book, providing a range of services from vehicle auctions to valuation tools. Their involvement in automotive technology services presents potential collaboration opportunities in software development and integration. 3. Wheego Technologies (Autonomous Fusion) - Atlanta, GA - Develops vehicle technologies, including software and systems for autonomous vehicles and self-driving cars. Their focus on autonomous driving systems aligns with Elektrobit's expertise in ADAS and autonomous driving software solutions. 4. Georgia Institute of Technology – Institute for Robotics and Intelligent Machines (IRIM) - Atlanta, GA - An interdisciplinary research unit focusing on robotics and intelligent systems. Collaborating with IRIM could provide opportunities to engage in cutting-edge research and development projects in robotics and automotive systems. 5. Curiosity Lab at Peachtree Corners - Peachtree Corners, GA - A 5G-enabled autonomous vehicle and smart city living laboratory located in a 500-acre technology park. This facility offers opportunities to test and develop automotive software solutions in real-world environments. Engaging with these organizations can help Elektrobit establish valuable partnerships and expand its presence in the Atlanta automotive and technology sectors. Consider reaching out to these companies and institutions to explore potential collaborations, joint ventures, or participation in industry events and research initiatives. Chattanooga hosts several automotive companies and suppliers that could benefit from Elektrobit's expertise in automotive software and embedded systems. Here are some notable organizations in the area: 1. Volkswagen Chattanooga Assembly Plant - Chattanooga, TN - Volkswagen's manufacturing facility in Chattanooga produces models such as the Volkswagen Atlas and