{
  "cleaned_text": "By maintaining a structured approach, you'll be able to monitor your progress, manage your contacts, and achieve your networking goals more effectively. To set up column headers in Excel, follow these steps: 1. Enter Your Headers: Click on the first cell of each column and type the desired header name. 2. Format as a Table (Optional but Recommended): Select the range of cells that includes your headers and data, navigate to the Home tab, click on Format as Table, ensure the option My table has headers is checked, then click OK. This action will apply table formatting and enable features like filtering and sorting. 3. Freeze the Header Row: Click on the row number just below your headers, go to the View tab, click on Freeze Panes, and select Freeze Top Row. This will keep your headers visible as you scroll through your data. 4. Repeat Headers on Printed Pages (If Needed): Navigate to the Page Layout tab, click on Print Titles, in the Page Setup dialog box, go to the Sheet tab, in the Rows to repeat at top field, select the row containing your headers, click OK to apply the settings. This ensures that your headers appear at the top of each printed page. By following these steps, you can effectively set up and manage column headers in your Excel spreadsheet. Atlanta offers a vibrant ecosystem for professionals in automotive/mobility, drones, robotics, and embedded engineering. Here's a curated list of organizations, companies, and events that can help you network and raise awareness for Elektrobit: Professional Organizations and Events: 1. IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation (ICRA 2025) - Date: May 19–23, 2025 - Location: Georgia World Congress Center, Atlanta, GA - Description: A premier annual event that gathers leading researchers and industry experts to discuss advancements in robotics and automation. 2. RoboGeorgia - Description: A nonprofit organization positioning Georgia as a center for technology innovation, workforce development, and robotics startups. Supported by entities like the Advanced Technology Development Center (ATDC) and Georgia Tech. 3. Association for Unmanned Vehicle Systems International (AUVSI) – Atlanta Chapter - Description: Focuses primarily on air systems, providing networking opportunities for professionals involved in unmanned systems. Companies: 1. SoftWear Automation - Description: An Atlanta-based machine vision and robotics startup disrupting the textile industry by creating autonomous sewn good worklines. 2. D3 Engineering - Description: Delivers end-to-end sensing, perception, and control systems for applications like Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS), autonomous vehicles, and drones. Academic and Research Institutions: 1. Georgia Institute of Technology – Institute for Robotics and Intelligent Machines (IRIM) - Description: An interdisciplinary research unit focusing on robotics and intelligent systems, offering opportunities for collaboration and engagement. 2. Curiosity Lab at Peachtree Corners - Description: A 5G-enabled autonomous vehicle and smart city living laboratory located in a 500-acre technology park, fostering innovation in areas like robotics and drones. Engaging with these organizations and attending relevant events can help you build connections, stay informed about industry developments, and effectively promote Elektrobit in the Atlanta area. Atlanta, Georgia, serves as a significant hub for the automotive industry, encompassing major automotive companies and numerous Tier 1 and Tier 2 suppliers. Here's an overview to assist you in networking and promoting Elektrobit in the region: Major Automotive Companies in Atlanta: 1. Mercedes-Benz USA - Description: The U.S. headquarters for Mercedes-Benz is located in Atlanta, overseeing operations including sales, marketing, and customer service across the nation. 2. Porsche Cars North America - Description: Porsche's North American headquarters is situated in Atlanta, featuring a Customer Experience Center and handling operations such as sales, marketing, and after-sales services. 3. Genuine Parts Company (NAPA Auto Parts) - Description