{
  "cleaned_text": "1. E Week 2025 Kickoff Luncheon - Date: February 18, 2025, 11:30 AM – 1:30 PM EST - Location: UTC University Center (Tennessee Room), Chattanooga, TN - Description: Engineers Week (E Week) is an annual event celebrating engineering professionals. The kickoff luncheon features a keynote presentation by Janet Rehberg, President of Strategic Initiatives at EPB, discussing how engineers can leverage new technologies to keep Chattanooga on the cutting edge. 2. E Week 2025 Award Social - Date: February 20, 2025, 6:00 PM – 9:00 PM EST - Location: Chattanooga Whiskey Event Hall, Chattanooga, TN - Description: An awards and scholarship celebration presented by the Chattanooga Chapter of the Tennessee Society of Professional Engineers. This social event honors outstanding professionals and students in the engineering community. 3. Tennessee V5RC High School State Championship: High Stakes Edition - Date: March 14–15, 2025 - Location: Winfield Dunn Center, Austin Peay State University, Clarksville, TN - Description: A state championship event bringing together top VEX V5 Robotics Competition teams from across Tennessee. 4. Chickamauga Lock Tour - Date: March 24, 2025, 1:00 PM – 3:00 PM EST - Location: Chickamauga Lock, Chattanooga, TN - Description: A tour of the Chickamauga Lock Replacement Project, which includes the design and construction of a new navigation lock on the Tennessee River. Registration Deadline: March 9, 2025. 5. SkillsUSA Tennessee State Leadership and Skills Conference - Date: April 13–16, 2025 - Location: Chattanooga, TN - Description: A showcase of career and technical education students competing in various trade, technical, and leadership fields. 6. UA Local 43 Plumbers and Steamfitters Union Training Apprenticeship & Facility Tour - Date: April 14, 2025, 3:00 PM – 5:00 PM EST - Location: 3009 Riverside Drive, Chattanooga, TN - Description: A joint meeting hosted by ASME, CEC, and CRMA, featuring a tour in honor of National Welding Month. 7. Tomorrow's Engineers Today Spring 2025 - Date: Spring 2025 (Exact date TBD) - Location: Tennessee, USA - Description: An event focused on inspiring and educating the next generation of engineers. 8. STEMology 2025 - Date: 2025 (Exact date TBD) - Location: Tennessee, USA - Description: A comprehensive event celebrating science, technology, engineering, and mathematics. Attending these events can help you connect with professionals in the engineering and mobility industries, raise brand awareness for Elektrobit, and learn about the local automotive, robotics, and drone ecosystems. Consider reaching out to event organizers to explore opportunities for speaking engagements or workshops to share your expertise in Automotive HMI. Business cards are still in use today, but their format is evolving. Traditional paper business cards remain common, especially in face-to-face interactions, as they provide a tangible way to share contact information and make a lasting impression. However, with advancements in technology and a growing emphasis on sustainability, many professionals are transitioning to digital business cards. Digital business cards offer several advantages over traditional ones: Convenience and Accessibility: They can be easily shared via QR codes, links, or Near Field Communication (NFC) technology, allowing for quick and seamless information exchange. Eco-Friendly: By eliminating the need for paper, digital business cards reduce environmental impact. It's estimated that over 8 billion printed business cards are discarded within a week of distribution, contributing significantly to waste. Updatable: Unlike paper cards, digital versions can be updated in real-time, ensuring that your contacts always have your current information. In 2025, approximately