{
  "cleaned_text": "You want it binder-ready — meaning clean structured text, full version, no weird Markdown tables or PDFs — something you can just copy into your CliffAI Planning Binder project. You also want to track the cost and production time logging system setup as part of Phase 1. Here’s the new version built properly for your binder: TenneCNC 6-Week Focus Plan (Binder Version) Objective: By end of June 2025 (flex ±2 weeks), either commit to pursuing TenneCNC full-time, or stabilize with a lightweight remote job while continuing part-time development. Prototype & Workflow Goals • Build at least 6 completed decorative box prototypes using CNC and current tools. • Successfully carve and index all 4 sides of a beam, even if on the small Jinmitsu CNC. • Produce 1–2 cabinet door fronts with designs, at a quality you’d show or sell. • Test cutting and finishing with plywood and MDF; document any material challenges. Automation & AI System Goals • CLIFF-AI Phase 1 online: • Lab Manager recording device states. • CLI Archiver capturing command history across devices. • Voice-to-command basic pipeline running (Whisper installed and functional). • Web App v0.1 created: • Basic form to submit parameters (dimensions, complexity, etc.) • Can generate a rough height map for CNC carving. • Successfully produce early example height maps (even simple ones) based on parameter input. Production Memory & Cost Tracking Goals • Set up Production Memory system: • Ability to log time spent on builds (hours/minutes per item). • Ability to log materials consumed and materials purchased (wood, MDF, bits, finishes). • Ability to record rough electricity/energy costs during builds. • Implement ability to query costs and production history later: • By item type (box, beam, cabinet) • By project date range • By total dollars spent • At least basic receipt capture or entry for plywood, MDF, bits, tools, consumables. Life & Setup Goals • Travel to Florida, repair and prep house, and get it listed for sale. • Research scaling options: • Identify target CNC machines (example: Phantom CNC ~$25K). • Rough cost plan for scaling up shop tools and automation infrastructure. Decision Point Criteria (July 1–15, Flexible Window) At decision checkpoint, honestly evaluate: If True Then Functional prototypes built (boxes, beam, doors) Continue with TenneCNC launch. CLIFF-AI working for voice logging and data retrieval Continue with TenneCNC launch. Web app usable for height map input Continue with TenneCNC launch. House sold or on the market Green light to invest more focus into business. Major gaps (prototype failure, unworkable AI, cash stress) Seek chill remote QA/SQA Lead role, stabilize. Always preserve flexibility for a third option if major external factors change (e.g., life, health, economy). Success Definition You do not need mass production yet. You need: • Real, usable prototypes. • Real, working automation groundwork. • Real visibility into costs and time to produce. If you hit ~70–80% of this checklist, you’re ready to build TenneCNC full-time. If you miss multiple critical areas, pivot gracefully while continuing to build behind the scenes. Working Summary This is a critical period of proof. Success is not perfection — it’s momentum. There you go — perfect for the CliffAI Planning Binder. Simple, complete, immediately usable. Would you like me to also sketch a super short 'Why Production Memory Matters' bullet list you could add next under a new binder entry? Here’s the draft, written in the same tone: Why Production Memory Matters (Binder Entry, [date: 2025-04-29]) Objective: Explain the role of Production Memory in building an efficient, scalable CNC/AI-powered workshop. Core Reasons: