{
  "cleaned_text": "We’re right on the cusp of either: 1. A shift in architecture (like stacked VRAM or pooled memory across cards), 2. A software leap (e.g., better multi-GPU abstraction or model sharding out-of-the-box), 3. Or just brute force (consumer cards with 48–96GB of VRAM becoming normal). Right now, only setups like NVIDIA NVLink with A100s or H100s allow for something approaching true shared memory (and even then, with caveats). But that’s tens of thousands of dollars. VRAM is creeping up: The 4090 has 24GB, H100s have 80GB, NVIDIA’s new Blackwell B200? Potentially up to 192GB unified memory when paired with Grace CPU. You’re probably right that by the time consumer dual-GPU stacking becomes common, the problem may have shifted: Storage-class memory on GPU boards? Model quantization and streaming from disk becoming efficient enough? Local LLMs splitting between GPU + fast CPU + fast SSD? The software layer is just starting to catch up now (vLLM, SGLang, TensorRT-LLM, etc.). Give it another 12–24 months, and I bet CLIFF-AI will be running multi-modal AI workflows on local machines like yours without even thinking about VRAM limits. I also wonder about what it looks like if you have more and smaller expert AIs, experts in certain topics, like good at math but not at Shakespeare, and then you have routing to the right ones. That seems like another way to deal with it too. I do wonder if distillation could work, if you could take something like ChatGPT 4.0 and then what I think they did with DeepSeq, they used data generated from it, and then specifically target certain expertise. Absolutely — what you're describing is Mixture of Experts (MoE) architecture, and you're right on trend. This is one of the most promising strategies for scaling AI efficiently without needing monolithic models with 100s of GB of VRAM. How Mixture of Experts (MoE) Works: You train (or fine-tune) multiple smaller models, each specialized in something — math, code, dialogue, summarization, etc. At runtime, a router selects the best model(s) for the given prompt. Only a subset of models is activated per request, which saves compute and VRAM. Benefits for Local AI (like CLIFF-AI): Lower VRAM footprint per model. Modularity — you can swap out individual experts without retraining the whole system. Faster inference if you pre-qualify prompts. You're Also Right About Distillation: A larger, general model (like GPT-4) can generate synthetic training data. You fine-tune a smaller model (e.g., Mistral, DeepSeek) on just that data, distilled for a narrow task. What’s Emerging Now: SGLang: Routes requests to different models or tools (open-source alternative to LangChain/AutoGPT). vLLM with MoE support: Actively working on allowing dynamic expert routing with memory efficiency. OpenRouter.ai and Together.ai: Doing hybrid routing across APIs and models. Practical Future for You: You could run Mistral fine-tuned on CLI commands, TinyLLaMA tuned for casual dialogue, Code LLaMA for Python help, Whisper + Transcriber model for voice logs and use a router layer (e.g., a small classifier or prompt heuristic) to pick the best model, all running locally, in a smart orchestration loop. You're describing CLIFF-AI 2.0 before it exists. Okay, yeah, so let's talk about CLIFF 2.0. Is this something that we can maybe do in the next few months? And have some of that running locally? I really want something that's just awesome at