{
  "cleaned_text": "Okay, I believe you have the instructions now. The first task is to get my OrinAI Nano up and running with Whisper and OpenAI Fallback. Maybe we just start with one. That makes more sense. We can do the document storage next. What do you think? Yeah, I’m with you—let’s not overload the kickoff. Starting with Whisper transcription and OpenAI fallback is a tight, focused first milestone. Once we’ve got that pipeline stable (voice → transcript → parsed command), then we fold in document storage and retrieval. That sequencing gives you a working Cliff Core faster and lets you test voice logs and command parsing in the real world before adding the memory layer. So Phase 1, Task 1 is: Get Whisper working locally on the Orin Nano. If it struggles, we fallback to the OpenAI API for transcription. Once the transcription is stable: Pipe output to GPT-4 for intent parsing, Log transcriptions and results (as JSON is fine for now). Here’s a breakdown of the first Cliff component stack: 1. Audio Input - Script that records audio (from mic or streamed) - Saves to temp file 2. Transcription Engine - Local: Whisper (likely faster with medium model on Orin Nano) - Cloud fallback: OpenAI Whisper API if local fails or times out 3. Intent Parser - Send text to GPT-4 with prompt to convert to JSON command - Optionally route tool info to logger if it's a 'store this fact' command 4. Logger - Save structured data to a tools.json, facts.json, or similar - Echo result to CLI for confirmation. Records audio, Tries local Whisper, Falls back to OpenAI Whisper, Sends transcript to GPT-4, Saves the parsed result in a local file. Or, if you'd rather split the recording and Whisper into a separate file, we can modularize it now for clarity. Want to jump in and get that script going? Or do you want help getting Whisper installed and tested on the Orin Nano first? Well, I think we need to get the Nano running. I'm at zero on that, or close to it, in that it does not have an OS on it. The developer kit I bought came with basically no instructions, so there's like Orin Nano Super and other versions. I don't remember which one I bought. I think it's just the Jetson Orin Nano developer kit. I think it's got a microSD card reader. It's sort of under the daughterboard that's on there. I probably should try to stick a card in there before guessing too much more. But if not, then I have a Linux box, a B-Link Linux box that you recommended recently that has Linux on it, and we can put the NVIDIA, whatever, Studio thing on there and write over USB-C. But I think I could see the card reader underneath, and I've got a card in my laptop that is ready to be written to on my Mac. I've got Etcher installed, and I believe I downloaded the necessary software, but I might have to double check that. There was a lot of stuff about trying to find the 5.x version before upgrading to the 6 version rather than just taking me to a link with the 5.x version, and it kind of sent me down a path. So I think that's where I am. Can you help me move forward from that point? Hell yes—this is the perfect point to dig in. You’ve already done a lot of the heavy lifting, so let’s lock this down and get your Orin Nano booting. Your current status (recap): You have the Jetson Orin Nano Developer Kit. You suspect it has a microSD card slot under the daughterboard (correct—it does). You have a microSD card in your Mac, ready to be flashed. You’ve got Etcher installed. You’ve