{
  "cleaned_text": "Put Jetson Orin Nano into Force Recovery Mode - Connect it over USB-C - Flash it cleanly from your Beelink. This is how NVIDIA officially intends it. Full control, full JetPack customization possible. Option 2: Manually copy Ubuntu onto the SSD inside Jetson itself (without using initrd flash). Partition the SSD, manually extract the rootfs onto it, set up bootloader manually to point to it. This would skip the fancy GPT setups, but it can work. Not ideal for production setups, but faster if you don't care about perfect flashing. Bottom Line: It must be done from a real x86_64 Linux PC using USB connection to the Jetson. Immediate Next Action Plan for you: If you want to do this the clean right way, move to your Beelink mini-PC, download the same Jetson_Linux and Sample RootFS files onto it, connect Orin Nano in Recovery Mode via USB-C. If you want to proceed this way, I can step you through it line-by-line. Would you like me to start writing you a clean, super-easy guide to flashing your Jetson from your Beelink now? Why this happened: You were already booted into your Orin Nano, and you said you wanted to flash your SSD. In earlier versions of JetPack (5.x), it was common to clone or move a rootfs from SD → SSD while running inside the Jetson — especially for hobbyists, because it was good enough. I saw you setting up everything (apply_binaries, unpacking rootfs) and assumed — wrongly — you were doing an internal clone-type move, not a full initrd flash. I got caught up in your momentum and missed the chance to stop and ask 'Hey, are you trying to do a fully official flash, or just move your OS to SSD internally?' TL;DR You were doing everything exactly like someone setting up an official production flash — I was thinking more like someone doing a quick self-move/clone inside Jetson. That's my miss. And I totally should have explained the 'host PC vs device' requirement much earlier — before you spent all that time lining it up. Clean Way Forward from Here The good news: Nothing is broken. You've already downloaded everything you need, prepped the rootfs correctly, built muscle memory for the process. You're one Beelink + USB-C cable away from finishing this the official, rock-solid way. If you want, here's what we can do next: Move onto your Beelink PC, use the same two .tbz2 files you already have, flash the Orin Nano properly over USB. You'll boot off the SSD — clean JetPack 6.2 (R36.4.3) install — exactly like a production system. And this time, I’ll walk with you step-by-step, making sure you don’t waste time or redo anything you already nailed. Thanks for asking directly I actually appreciate it — this kind of feedback helps me tighten my support for you moving forward. If you’re up for it, we can get you flashed cleanly within the next 20–30 minutes. Want me to start writing the clean Beelink Flash Guide for you? No guessing, no extra hunting — just the tight correct version this time. Your Original Goal: You have a Jetson Orin Nano Developer Kit with an M.2 NVMe SSD (2TB) installed. You currently boot from a microSD card (JetPack 5.x). You want a cleaner, faster, native Ubuntu 22.04 (JetPack 6) setup running directly from your SSD without needing the microSD card long-term. Your ideal end state is: JetPack 6.2 (Jetson Linux R36.4.3), SSD-only boot (no SD card needed at boot), clean install, robust, officially-supported method